feat!: bump rust-polars to 0.30.0 (#289)
pola-rs/r-polars: NEWS.md

- Replace the argument `reverse` by `descending` in all sorting functions. This
  is for consistency with the upstream Polars (#291, #293).
- Bump rust-polars from 2023-04-20 unreleased version to version 0.30.0 released in 2023-05-30 (#289).
    - Rename `concat_lst` to `concat_list`.
    <!-- TODO: - Rename `arr` to `list`. -->
    - Rename `$str$explode` to `$str$str_explode`.
    - Remove `tz_aware` and `utc` arguments from `str_parse`.

>     - `$date_range`'s the `lazy` argument is default to `TRUE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - in `$date_range`'s the `lazy` argument is now `TRUE` by default.
```
